[BLOG] Add uarray-attempting-to-move-the-ecosystem-forward (#543)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/uarray-attempting-to-move-the-ecosystem-forward.md

---
title: 'uarray: Attempting to move the ecosystem forward'
published: November 10, 2019
author: hameer-abbasi

> description: 'There comes a time in every project where most technological hurdles have been surpassed, and its adoption is a social problem. I believe uarray and unumpy had reached such a state, a month ago. I'd like to present some improvements the Quansight team has made to uarray over the course of the past several months.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: "There comes a time in every project where most technological hurdles have been surpassed, and its adoption is a social problem. I believe uarray and unumpy had reached such a state, a month ago. I'd like to present some improvements the Quansight team has made to uarray over the course of the past several months."
```

> category: [PyData Ecosystem]

Author: ```suggestion
category: [PyData ecosystem]
```

featuredImage:
  src: /posts/uarray-attempting-to-move-the-ecosystem-forward/blog_feature_var1.svg
  alt: 'An illustration of a brown and a dark brown hand coming towards each other to pass a business card with the logo of Quansight Labs.'
hero:

>   imageSrc: /posts/uarray-attempting-to-move-the-ecosystem-forward/blog_feature_var2.svg

Author: ```suggestion
  imageSrc: /posts/uarray-attempting-to-move-the-ecosystem-forward/blog_feature_var2.svg
```
```suggestion
  imageSrc: /posts/uarray-attempting-to-move-the-ecosystem-forward/blog_hero_var2.svg
```

Of course, social problems can take a long time to resolve one way or another, regardless of the proponents. And I consider this a good thing: it's better not to be stuck with an API decision that may bite you a few years down the line, especially with a project with API compatibility guarantees and number of dependents as NumPy.

I must confess I felt discouraged at some points in the `uarray` journey: However, realising my flaws will make me perform better in the future.

Although my main focus at this point in my career isn't `uarray` (not that I don't want it to be, only that social problems don't take very much of your time), it isn't a small library at the back of my head by any means.

With that out of the way, I'd like to present some improvements the Quansight team has made to `uarray` over the course of the past several months:

## Progress on Integration
### `uarray` ❤️ `scipy.fft`

> `uarray` is now the [official override mechanism](http://scipy.github.io/devdocs/fft.html#backend-control) for `scipy.fft`. This is a *huge* win.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`uarray` is now the [official override mechanism](https://scipy.github.io/devdocs/reference/fft.html#backend-control) for `scipy.fft`. This is a *huge* win.
```

Reviewer: fix link
